THE ATLAS I | The Location — THE ATLAS
Sales Information|The Location|THE ATLAS|Media Library
EN繁简EN
Sales InformationResidential
Sales Brochure
Price List
Sales Arrangements
Register of Transactions
Aerial Photograph
Deed of Mutual Covenant
Tender Documents
Ballot Results
Car Park
Car Park Sales Brochure
Car Park Price List
The Location
THE ATLAS
Media LibrarySales Video
Designer Video
Promotional Leaflet
Promotional Brochure
繁简EN
位置概覽
AERIAL PHOTO
This image was taken over the vicinity of Yau Tong on 11 July 2026, and has been digitally retouched and composited, with a light beam added at the approximate location of the development to highlight its approximate location and its approximate surrounding environment, for reference only. The image does not show any view that may be enjoyed by the development or any part thereof, nor does it illustrate the actual height, size, boundaries, appearance and/or final appearance of the development. This image is only intended to show the approximate surrounding environment, buildings and facilities of the development. The photograph does not reflect or show the actual appearance of the development or any part thereof, its true view or environmental conditions. The seller reserves the right to change the building plans and other plans of the development from time to time, and the design of the development shall be based on the plans last approved by the relevant government departments. The views of the residential properties of the development vary depending on the floor, orientation and surrounding environment, facilities and buildings, and the development and its surrounding environment, buildings, facilities and views may change from time to time. The image does not constitute and shall not be construed as any offer, representation, promise, warranty or contractual term (whether or not relating to views) made by the seller, whether express or implied. The seller recommends that prospective buyers conduct an on-site visit to the site of the relevant development/phase in order to have a better understanding of the development site, its surrounding district environment and nearby public facilities. Prospective buyers should not rely on this image for any purpose.
SAVOUR VICTORIA HARBOUR’S TIMELESS COASTLINE
躍進維港 鑑賞傳世海岸
Victoria Harbour unfolds in all its splendour—where the rhythmic ebb and flow of the tides mirrors the vibrant pulse of waterfront living.
From the storied heritage of Lei Yue Mun to the majestic breadth of the harbour1, nature and culture converge upon the waves, weaving a living tapestry of art.
Poised at THE ATLAS in perfect equilibrium between stillness and motion,the sea1 becomes your palette and the shore your frame—an ever-evolving masterpiece along the coastline.
Victoria Harbour unfolds in all its splendour—where the rhythmic ebb and flow of the tides
mirrors the vibrant pulse of waterfront living.
From the storied heritage of Lei Yue Mun
to the majestic breadth of the harbour1, nature and culture converge upon the waves,
weaving a living tapestry of art.
Poised at THE ATLAS in perfect equilibrium
between stillness and motion,the sea1 becomes your palette and the shore your frame—an ever-evolving masterpiece along the coastline.
SEAMLESS CONNECTIONS, ENDLESS WAYS TO THRIVE
縱橫天下 穿梭多元網絡
THE ATLAS is superbly connected, putting the city at your feet.A leisurely six‑minute stroll2 brings you to MTR Yau Tong Station,offering ultimate convenience with seamless access to three MTR lines3 within a single stop.
With the planned Smart and Green Mass Transit System4 in East Kowloon scheduled for completion in 2033, Yau Tong is set to elevate into a premier transit hub connecting three railway lines4, delivering unparalleled connectivity.
THE ATLAS is superbly connected,
putting the city at your feet.
A leisurely six‑minute stroll2 brings you to MTR Yau Tong Station, offering ultimate
convenience with seamless access to
three MTR lines3 within a single stop.
With the planned Smart and Green Mass Transit System4
in East Kowloon scheduled for completion in 2033,
Yau Tong is set to elevate into a premier transit hub
connecting three railway lines4, delivering unparalleled connectivity.
MTR SYSTEM MAP
This map has been simplified and is not drawn to scale. All data contained herein (including but not limited to travel time, positions, route and stations, structures, orientations, and distances) is for reference purposes only and shall be subject to the official publications or determinations of the government and relevant bodies. The Vendor makes no representation, warranty, or undertaking, whether express or implied.
A high‑efficiency transport network links the three major CBDs5 of Kowloon East, Island East and Central. By car, it takes approximately 8 minutes6 to reach Kowloon East CBD, about 12 minutes6 to Island East CBD, and about 17 minutes6 to Central CBD—putting business and connectivity effortlessly within your grasp.
Trunk Road T2 (under construction)7, targeted for full completion in 2026, will link with the Central Kowloon Route to seamlessly connect East and West Kowloon. From Yau Tong, a mere 8-minute drive8 reaches West Kowloon, where the High Speed Rail Hong Kong West Kowloon Station connects directly to 113 destinations9 across Mainland China, unlocking endless opportunities.
Complemented by ferry services to Sai Wan Ho10 and over 160 bus and minibus routes11, the location provides comprehensive coverage across Hong Kong Island, Kowloon, the New Territories, and the airport, delivering an effortlessly connected urban lifestyle.
A high‑efficiency transport network links
the three major CBDs5 of Kowloon East,
Island East and Central. By car, it takes approximately 8 minutes6
to reach Kowloon East CBD,
about 12 minutes6 to Island East CBD, and about 17 minutes6 to Central CBD—
putting business and connectivity effortlessly within your grasp.
Trunk Road T2 (under construction)7,
targeted for full completion in 2026, will link with the Central Kowloon Route to
seamlessly connect East and West Kowloon. From Yau Tong, a mere 8-minute drive8 reaches
West Kowloon, where the High Speed Rail
Hong Kong West Kowloon Station connects directly to
113 destinations9 across Mainland China,
unlocking endless opportunities.
Complemented by ferry services to Sai Wan Ho10
and over 160 bus and minibus routes11, the location provides comprehensive coverage
across Hong Kong Island, Kowloon, the New Territories, and the airport,
delivering an effortlessly connected urban lifestyle.
MAP NOT DRAWN TO SCALE
The locations mentioned or shown in this advertisement/promotional material are not necessarily located in the vicinity of the development project, nor are they necessarily located within the same zoning outline area as the development project, nor are they directly adjacent to the development project, and these locations are not necessarily within the development project's line of sight. The information reflects the condition as of the date of printing of this advertisement/promotional material, and such condition, as well as the surrounding buildings, facilities, and environment, may change from time to time and may become inapplicable due to various factors. The vendor makes no representations, acceptances, warranties, or terms of any contract, offer, representation, promise, or guarantee, whether express or implied, regarding the surrounding environment of the development project. The vendor also recommends that prospective purchasers conduct an on-site inspection of the development site to gain a better understanding of the development site, its surrounding environment, and nearby public facilities.｜The route map has been simplified and computer-enhanced and is not drawn to scale, and does not show the need for interchange between different lines and/or all stations that must actually be passed through, and does not reflect the actual location of the Development. The information is for reference only. Information on routes is sourced from GeoInfo Map (https://www.map.gov.hk/gm/) (Retrieved on: 13 August 2026), for reference only.｜*The image is for illustration of approximate appearance of the Development only but does not indicate or represent the actual appearance of the Development (or any part thereof) upon completion, and is for reference only. The Vendor reserves the right to alter, modify and/or change the Development (or any part thereof) in accordance with the latest building plans approved by the relevant government department(s).
SET SAIL FOR A LIFE OF COASTAL ELEGANCESOAR ABOVE THE WAVES, A DESTINATION BEYOND THE EXTRAORDINARYWHERE STYLE AND LEISURE INSPIRE LIFESET SAIL FOR A LIFE OF COASTAL ELEGANCE
卓然啟航 活出海岸之尚
Setting sail from THE ATLAS, the magnificent shorelines of both Hong Kong Islandand Kowloon across Victoria Harbour1 unfurl before you.
Wander along the approximately 16-kilometre13 world-class waterfront promenade,where the historic cultural landmarks and traditional fishing village charm of Lei Yue Mun complement one another.The tranquil pace of Sam Ka Tsuen Typhoon Shelter unfolds like a living gallery, gracefully revealing classic coastal vistas at every turn.
Coastal elegance is no longer a distant dream.Living here, every day feels as free, breezy, and effortlessly inspired as setting sail.
Setting sail from THE ATLAS,
the magnificent shorelines of both Hong Kong Islandand Kowloon across Victoria Harbour1 unfurl before you.
Wander along the approximately 16-kilometre13
world-class waterfront promenade, where
the historic cultural landmarks and traditional fishing village charm of
Lei Yue Mun complement one another.The tranquil pace of Sam Ka Tsuen Typhoon Shelter
unfolds like a living gallery,
gracefully revealing classic coastal vistas at every turn.
Coastal elegance is no longer a distant dream.Living here, every day feels as free, breezy,
and effortlessly inspired as setting sail.
SOAR ABOVE THE WAVES, A DESTINATION BEYOND THE EXTRAORDINARY
翱翔海岸 擁抱非凡地利
Soar above THE ATLAS and behold the sweeping panoramic views of both sides of Victoria Harbour1, commanding the vibrant urban landscapes of Kowloon East and the Kai Tak Development Area14 with extraordinary location and convenience entirely within your grasp.
Kowloon East is the metropolitan heart of the future, with over 43 million square feet of commercial space15 taking shape. The Kai Tak Development Area spans more than 320 hectares16, converging world-class landmarks including the Kai Tak Sports Park17, the Kai Tak Cruise Terminal18, and thriving commercial hubs. Global enterprises have already seized the opportunity, gathering top-tier talent along the Kowloon East coastline.
As the proposed Yau Tong Bay Comprehensive Development Area (proposed)12 gradually unfolds with residential properties, commercial towers and hotels rising along the coast, this flourishing convergence creates a paradigm of premier waterfront living looking forward to the future.
Soar above THE ATLAS and behold
the sweeping panoramic views of both sides of Victoria Harbour1,
commanding the vibrant urban landscapes of Kowloon East and the Kai Tak Development Area14 with extraordinary
location and convenience entirely within your grasp.
Kowloon East is the metropolitan heart of the future,
with over 43 million square feet of commercial space taking shape15. The Kai Tak Development Area spans more than 320 hectares16,
converging world-class landmarks including the Kai Tak Sports Park17,
the Kai Tak Cruise Terminal18, and thriving commercial hubs. Global enterprises have already seized the opportunity,
gathering top-tier talent along the Kowloon East coastline.
As the proposed Yau Tong Bay Comprehensive Development Area (proposed) 12
gradually unfolds with residential properties, commercial towers and hotels rising along the coast,
this flourishing convergence creates a paradigm of premier waterfront living looking forward to the future.
WHERE STYLE AND LEISURE INSPIRE LIFE
購物休閒 擁抱豐盛生活
THE ATLAS boasts a coveted location, placing over 4 million square feetof diverse retail and leisure destinations19 at your doorstep—Domain20, PopCorn20, apm20, Telford Plaza20, MegaBox20, Cityplaza20, and more.Bringing together shopping, dining, and entertainment, an extraordinary life begins in an instant.Here, life is an art form filled with abundance and joy. Every day is a vibrant urban experience.
In your leisure time, stroll through Lei Yue Mun—from Tin Hau Templeto the Lei Yue Mun Stone Quarry—and embrace a century of historical heritage.Explore the Mural Art Village and immerse yourself in a rich cultural atmosphere.From the famous seafood dining area to Wilson Trail, enjoy a rewarding coastal lifestyle where nature and culture seamlessly intertwine.
THE ATLAS boasts a coveted location,
placing over 4 million square feetof diverse retail and leisure destinations19 at
your doorstep—Domain20, PopCorn20, apm20, Telford Plaza20,
MegaBox20, Cityplaza20, and more.Bringing together shopping, dining, and entertainment,
an extraordinary life begins in an instant.
Here, life is an art form filled with abundance and joy.
Every day is a vibrant urban experience.
In your leisure time, stroll through Lei Yue Mun
—from Tin Hau Temple to the Lei Yue Mun Stone Quarry
—and embrace a century of historical heritage.Explore the Mural Art Village and immerse yourself
in a rich cultural atmosphere.From the famous seafood dining area to Wilson Trail, enjoy a rewarding coastal lifestyle
where nature and culture seamlessly intertwine.
SAM KA TSUEN TYPHOON SHELTER
STOCK IMAGE
This is a reference photo and does not represent any part or the actual view of the Development (including the Phases) , and is for reference only.
DEVIL'S PEAK
STOCK IMAGE
This is a reference photo and does not represent any part or the actual view of the Development (including the Phases) , and is for reference only.
LEI YUE MUN
STOCK IMAGE
This is a reference photo and does not represent any part or the actual view of the Development (including the Phases) , and is for reference only.
LEI YUE MUN VIEWING DECK
STOCK IMAGE
This is a reference photo and does not represent any part or the actual view of the Development (including the Phases) , and is for reference only.
TIN HAU TEMPLE, LEI YUE MUN
STOCK IMAGE
This is a reference photo and does not represent any part or the actual view of the Development (including the Phases) , and is for reference only.
LEI YUE MUN QUARRY
STOCK IMAGE
This is a reference photo and does not represent any part or the actual view of the Development (including the Phases) , and is for reference only.
Disclaimer
免責聲明 / Disclaimer
1.The views described may not apply to all residential properties within the development/phase. The views enjoyed by residential properties within the development/phase are affected by their orientation, floor level, surrounding buildings, amenities, and environment. The surrounding buildings, amenities, and environment of the development/phase may change from time to time. The Vendor recommends that prospective purchasers conduct an on-site inspection of the relevant development site to gain a better understanding of the development site, its surrounding environment, and nearby public facilities. The views described do not constitute and should not be construed as any contractual term, offer, representation, promise, or warranty, whether express or implied, regarding the development/phase or any of its residential properties (whether or not related to the views).｜2.The development is within walking distance of Yau Tong MTR station. The walking time was determined by staff through an on-site walking test conducted on 26 August, 2026. The walking time from the development site to Exit A1 of Yau Tong MTR station is approximately 6 minutes, and is for reference only. Actual walking time may vary depending on weather conditions, road conditions, walking route, and individual walking speed. The Vendor makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, in this regard.｜3.According to the MTR Corporation route map, starting from Yau Tong Station, take one stop to Quarry Bay Station, take two stops to Kwun Tong Station (Kwun Tong Line) and Tai Koo Station (transfer to the Island Line at Quarry Bay Station), which connects to the Kwun Tong Line, Tseung Kwan O Line and Island Line. Source: MTR Corporation website (https://www.mtr.com.hk/ch/customer/jp/index.php?) (Retrieved on: 12 August 2026), for reference only.｜4.Source: Highways Department website (https://www.hyd.gov.hk/tc/our_projects/railway_projects/sgmts_ek/index.html) (Retrieved on: 24 August 2026) . For reference only. The Vendor makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above URLs and/or their contents. The proposed, planned, planned, under construction, or uncompleted roads listed in this advertisement/promotional material are for reference only. Details (including but not limited to implementation, location, design, route, completion date, and opening time) are subject to the final decision of the relevant government departments and/or authorities. These roads may not have been implemented, constructed, completed, or opened by the time the development project is completed and the residential properties are occupied. The details after completion may also differ from those described or shown in this advertisement/promotional material. The Vendor makes no representations, nor shall they be construed as making any contractual terms, offers, representations, promises, or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding whether such roads will ultimately be implemented or their final planning, design, completion, and opening dates. The Smart Green Mass Transport System in East Kowloon will connect to the existing MTR Kwun Tong Line and Tseung Kwan O Line via a pedestrian walkway (under construction) at Yau Tong East (proposed station), forming a three-line intersection. Source: MTR Corporation Limited website (https://www.mtr.com.hk/ch/customer/jp/index.php?) (Retrieved on: 24 August 2026) and Highways Department website (https://www.hyd.gov.hk/tc/our_projects/railway_projects/sgmts_ek/index.html) (Retrieved on: 24 August 2026). For reference only. The Vendor makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above URLs and/or their contents. The proposed, planned, planned, under construction, or uncompleted roads listed in this advertisement/promotional material are for reference only. Details (including but not limited to implementation, location, design, route, completion date, and opening time) are subject to the final decision of the relevant government departments and/or authorities. These roads may not have been implemented, constructed, completed, or opened at the time of development project completion and residential property occupancy, and the details after completion may differ from those described or shown in this advertisement/promotional material. The Vendor makes no representations, nor shall they be construed as making any contractual terms, offers, representations, promises, or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding whether such roads will ultimately be implemented or their final planning, design, completion, and opening dates.｜5.&quot;Hong Kong Island East CBD&quot; is a general description and does not fall under the core business districts mentioned in &quot;Hong Kong 2030+: Towards a Planning Vision and Strategy Transcending 2030&quot; ; &quot;Kowloon East CBD&quot; refers to Business Core District II located in Kowloon East; &quot;Central CBD&quot; refers to Business Core Disctrict I located in Central and surrounding areas. For details, please refer to &quot;Hong Kong 2030+: Towards a Planning Vision and Strategy Transcending 2030&quot; (https://www.pland.gov.hk/file/planning_studies/comp_s/hk2030plus/TC/document/2030+_booklet.pdf) (accessed August 12, 2026). The above information is for reference only, and the Vendor makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to its completeness or accuracy. The aforementioned &quot;Kowloon East CBD&quot; project is still under transformation, development, and/or construction and may be subject to change from time to time. It may not be completed by the time the residential properties in this development are handed over, and the completed condition may differ from that described or shown in this advertisement/promotional material. The actual situation of the project (including but not limited to the construction, planning, location, design, route, and completion and opening dates of various facilities, services, systems, and networks) is subject to the final decision and/or announcement by the government and relevant agencies. The Vendor makes no representations, whether express or implied, as to whether or not the project, facilities, services, systems, and networks will be completed or when, or any other information regarding the project, facilities, services, systems, and networks, nor shall it be construed as making any contractual terms, offers, representations, promises, or warranties, nor does the Vendor guarantee that this webpage is the latest revised version or its accuracy.｜6.Estimated travel time data is retrieved from HKeMobility (https://www.hkemobility.gov.hk/tc/route-search/driving) (Retrieved on: August 12 2026). Driving time from the development site to Kwun Tong Station is approximately 8 minutes; from the development site to MTR Taikoo Station is approximately 12 minutes; and from the development site to MTR Central Station is approximately 17 minutes. This is for reference only. Travel time is subject to actual traffic conditions, road conditions, road construction, weather, vehicle speed, and driver's personal factors or other factors, and does not include waiting time due to traffic congestion and traffic lights. The required time may be longer and is for reference only. The Vendor makes no representations or obligations regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above website and/or its content, and such representations or obligations shall not be construed as any contractual terms, offers, representations, promises or warranties, whether express or implied.｜7.Source: Transport Department website (https://www.td.gov.hk/tc/transport_in_hong_kong/hk_strategic_route_and_exit_number_system/map/r6/index.html) (Retrieved on: 12 August 2026) and Civil Engineering and Development Department website (https://www.trunkroadt2.hk/chi/intro.php) (Retrieved on: 12 August 2026). For reference only. The Vendor makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above URLs and/or their contents. The proposed, planned, planned, under construction, or uncompleted roads listed in this advertisement/promotional material are for reference only. Details (including but not limited to implementation, location, design, route, completion date, and opening time) are subject to the final decision of the relevant government departments and/or authorities. These roads may not have been implemented, constructed, completed, or opened at the time of development project completion and residential property occupancy, and the details after completion may differ from those described or shown in this advertisement/promotional material. The Vendor makes no representations, nor shall they be construed as making any contractual terms, offers, representations, promises, or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding whether such roads will ultimately be implemented or their final planning, design, completion, and opening dates.｜8.The estimated travel time is retrieved from the Civil Engineering and Development Department website (http://cbl.avesasia.com/v7/document/CBL%20Consultation%20Digest(Chi).pdf) (Retrieved on: August 12 2026). The estimated travel time from Yau Tong to West Kowloon is approximately 8 minutes. This is for reference only. Travel time is subject to actual traffic conditions, road conditions, road construction, weather, or other factors, and does not include waiting time due to traffic congestion and traffic lights. The required time may be longer. The Vendor makes no representations or obligations regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above website and/or its contents, and such representations or obligations shall not be construed as any contractual terms, offers, representations, promises, or warranties, whether express or implied.｜9.Source: MTR Corporation website (https://www.highspeed.mtr.com.hk/tc/ticket/destination.html) (Retrieved on: August 27 2026). The Vendor does not make, and shall not be construed as making, any contractual term, offer, representation, promise or warranty, whether express or implied, as to the completeness or accuracy of the above website and/or its contents.｜10.The ferry journey from Sam Ka Tsuen Pier to Sai Wan Ho Pier takes approximately 10 minutes. This information is from Barcaferry website (http://www.barcaferry.com/timetable/hongkong/route_coral_swhskt.htm) and is for reference only, subject to actual traffic conditions. The Vendor makes no representations or obligations regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above website and/or its contents, and such representations or obligations shall not be construed as making any contractual terms, offers, representations, promises or warranties, whether express or implied.｜11.Source: Civil Engineering and Development Department, &quot; Detailed Feasibility Study (DFS) for Environmentally Friendly Linkage System (EFLS) for Kowloon East&quot; (https://www.legco.gov.hk/yr20-21/chinese/panels/dev/papers/dev20210126cb1-525-3-ec.pdf)(Retrieved on: August 12 2026).The Vendor does not make, and shall not be construed as making, any contractual term, offer, representation, promise or warranty, whether express or implied, as to the completeness or accuracy of the above website and/or its contents.｜12.Source: Certified Master Layout Plans in &quot;Comprehensive Development Area&quot; on the Town Planning Board website (https://www.tpb.gov.hk/tc/resources/certified_master_layout_plans.html) (Retrieved on: 12 August 2026). This information is for reference only. The Vendor makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above URL and/or its contents.｜13.Sections of the waterfront promenade are already in use, while others are still in the planning stage or under construction. These conditions are subject to change and may not be completed by the time of occupancy of this development or any other phase. The completed condition may differ from that described in this advertisement/promotional material. The actual status of these facilities (including but not limited to construction, planning, location, design route, and completion and opening dates) is subject to the final decision and/or announcement by the government and relevant authorities. The Vendor makes no express or implied contractual terms, offers, representations, promises, or warranties regarding the final completion or timing of these projects, nor does it guarantee the accuracy or up-to-dateness of the following webpage. Sources: Legislative Council Finance Committee Establishment Subcommittee (Agenda) 4 May 2022 (https://www.legco.gov.hk/yr2022/chinese/fc/esc/papers/e22-01c.pdf), notes, land use table and explanatory notes of Kowloon Planning Area 15 - Cha Kwo Ling, Yau Tong and Lei Yue Mun Outline Zoning Plan Approval Map No. S/K15/29 (https://www.legco.gov.hk/yr2026/chinese/brief/sk1529_20260612-c.pdf), and the Legislative Council Panel on Development — Harbour Office, Development Bureau. Document CB(1)182/2023(03) (https://www.legco.gov.hk/yr2023/chinese/panels/dev/papers/dev20230228cb1-182-3-c.pdf), the Energizing Kowloon East website (www.ekeo.gov.hk/tc/walkability-and-mobility/green-mobility/greenway-network/index.html), and the progress report on the &quot;Energizing Kowloon East&quot; Measures (https://www.districtcouncils.gov.hk/kt/doc/2020_2023/en/dc_meetings_doc/21564/KTDC_8_2022.pdf) (Retrieved on: 12 August 2026) and the Legislative Council Development Affairs Committee Subcommittee on Policy Matters Related to Waterfronts Review and Optimize the Strategy Overview for Waterfronts on Both Sides of Victoria Harbour and Other Areas (https://www.legco.gov.hk/yr2023/chinese/panels/dev/dev_har/papers/dev_har20230724cb1-795-2-c.pdf) (Retrieved on: 24 August 2026).｜14.Source: Civil Engineering and Development Department website (https://www.ktd.gov.hk/tchina/programmeandprogress.html) (Retrieved on: 12 August 2026), for reference only. The Vendor makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above website and/or its contents.｜15.The area information provided is for reference only. The planning and use of the surrounding land for the development project and/or phases may change from time to time and are subject to final announcement and approval by the relevant government departments. The Vendor makes no offer, representation, undertaking or warranty, whether express or implied, in this regard. Source: Energizing Kowloon East Office, &quot;Supply of Commercial Floor Space&quot; (https://www.ekeo.gov.hk/tc/sustainable-growth/supply-of-commercial-floor-space/existing-planned-supply/index.html) (Retrieved on: August 12 2026), for reference only. The Vendor makes no representation or obligation regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above website and/or its contents, nor shall it be construed as making any contractual terms, offer, representation, undertaking or warranty, whether express or implied.｜16.Source: Civil Engineering and Development Department - E2 Kai Tak Development (https://www.cedd.gov.hk/tc/about-us/achievements/land/regional-development/e2-kai-tak-development/index.html) (Retrieved on: 12 August 2026), for reference only. The Vendor makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above URL and/or its contents.｜17.Source: Hong Kong Government Culture, Sports and Tourism Bureau (https://www.tourism.gov.hk/tc/tourism-projects.php?project=kai_tak_cruise_terminal) (Retrieved on: 12 August 2026), for reference only. The Vendor makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above website and/or its content.｜18.Source: Culture, Sports and Tourism Bureau (https://www.cstb.gov.hk/tc/policies/sports-and-recreation/kai-tak-sports-park.html) (Retrieved on: 12 August 2026). For reference only. The Vendor makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, regarding the completeness and accuracy of the above URL and/or its contents.｜19.“Over 4 million square feet of diverse retail and leisure destinations” refers to the total area of major shopping malls in Kowloon East, Tseung Kwan O, and Taikoo Shing. These malls include Cityplaza (approximately 1.11 million square feet), Domain (approximately 480,000 square feet), apm (approximately 600,000 square feet), MegaBox (approximately 1.1 million square feet), Telford Plaza (approximately 930,000 square feet), and Popcorn (approximately 340,000 square feet). The mall areas are referenced from the websites of the respective malls and their developers; the Vendor does not guarantee the current accuracy or revision status of these websites. This information is for reference only, and conditions in the area may change from time to time. The Vendor makes no offer, representation, undertaking, or warranty, whether express or implied.｜20.Locations mentioned or shown in this advertisement/promotional material may not be located in the vicinity of the development project, nor may they be situated within the same zoning outline area as the development project, nor are they directly adjacent to the development project, and these locations may not be within the development project's line of sight. The information reflects the condition as of the date of printing of this advertisement/promotional material, and such condition, along with surrounding buildings, facilities, and the environment, may change from time to time due to various factors and may become no longer applicable. The Vendor makes no, and shall not be construed as making any, express or implied contractual terms, offers, representations, promises, or warranties (whether related to views) regarding the surrounding buildings, facilities, and environment of the development project. The Vendor also recommends that prospective purchasers conduct an on-site inspection of the development site to gain a better understanding of the development site, its surrounding environment, and nearby public facilities.
Showroom
29/F, EXCHANGE TOWER, 33 WANG CHIU ROAD, KOWLOON BAY, KOWLOON
Enquiry Hotline
3757 6888
Name of the Phase of the Development: Phase 1 (“the Phase”) of THE ATLAS (“the Development”).｜District: Cha Kwo Ling, Yau Tong, Lei Yue Mun｜Name of street at which the Phase is situated and street number: 23 Tung Yuen Street^｜Address of website designated by the Vendor for the Phase: WWW.THEATLAS.HK/PHASE1#｜The photographs, images, drawings or sketches shown in this advertisement/promotional material represent an artist’s impression of the development concerned only. They are not drawn to scale and/or may have been edited and processed with computerized imaging techniques. Prospective purchasers should make reference to the sales brochure for details of the development. The Vendor also advises prospective purchasers to conduct an on-site visit for a better understanding of the development site, its surrounding environment and the public facilities nearby.
Vendor: Charm Smart Development Limited｜Holding companies of the Vendor: Yuexiu Property (HK) Company Limited, Dragon Yield Holding Limited, Yuexiu Property Company Limited｜Authorized Person for Phase: Chan Wan Ming｜The firm or corporation of which the Authorized Person for the Phase is a proprietor, director or employee in his or her professional capacity: P&amp;T Architects Limited｜Building Contractor for the Phase: Chevalier Construction (Hong Kong) Limited｜The firm of solicitors acting for the owner in relation to the sale of residential properties in the Phase: Deacons｜Authorized institution that has made a loan, or has undertaken to provide finance, for the construction of the Phase: Industrial Bank Co., Ltd (a joint stock company incorporated in P.R.C. with limited liability), acting through its Hong Kong Branch｜Any other person who has made a loan for the construction of the Phase: Not Applicable｜The estimated material date for the Phase to the best of the Vendor’s knowledge: 30 December 2028 (“Material date” means the date on which the conditions of the land grant are complied with in respect of the Phase. The estimated material date is provided by the Authorized Person for the Phase. The estimated material date is subject to any extension of time that is permitted under the agreement for sale and purchase.)｜Prospective purchasers are advised to refer to the sales brochure for any information on the Development/the Phase. Please refer to the sales brochure for details.｜^Provisional street number subject to confirmation upon completion of the Phase.｜#Address of website designated by the Vendor for the Phase for the purposes of Part 2 of the Residential Properties (First-hand Sales) Ordinance.｜This advertisement/promotional material is published by the Vendor.｜This advertisement/promotional material and its contents are for reference only, and shall not constitute or be construed as constituting any offer, undertaking, representation or warranty, whether express or implied, by the Vendor.
All rights reserved ©2026 Chun Ying Development Limited
Date of Last Update: 21 September 2026
免責聲明 / Disclaimer
Name of the Phase of the Development: Phase 1 (“the Phase”) of THE ATLAS (“the Development”).｜District: Cha Kwo Ling, Yau Tong, Lei Yue Mun｜Name of street at which the Phase is situated and street number: 23 Tung Yuen Street^｜Address of website designated by the Vendor for the Phase: WWW.THEATLAS.HK/PHASE1#｜The photographs, images, drawings or sketches shown in this advertisement/promotional material represent an artist’s impression of the development concerned only. They are not drawn to scale and/or may have been edited and processed with computerized imaging techniques. Prospective purchasers should make reference to the sales brochure for details of the development. The Vendor also advises prospective purchasers to conduct an on-site visit for a better understanding of the development site, its surrounding environment and the public facilities nearby.
Vendor: Charm Smart Development Limited｜Holding companies of the Vendor: Yuexiu Property (HK) Company Limited, Dragon Yield Holding Limited, Yuexiu Property Company Limited｜Authorized Person for Phase: Chan Wan Ming｜The firm or corporation of which the Authorized Person for the Phase is a proprietor, director or employee in his or her professional capacity: P&amp;T Architects Limited｜Building Contractor for the Phase: Chevalier Construction (Hong Kong) Limited｜The firm of solicitors acting for the owner in relation to the sale of residential properties in the Phase: Deacons｜Authorized institution that has made a loan, or has undertaken to provide finance, for the construction of the Phase: Industrial Bank Co., Ltd (a joint stock company incorporated in P.R.C. with limited liability), acting through its Hong Kong Branch｜Any other person who has made a loan for the construction of the Phase: Not Applicable｜The estimated material date for the Phase to the best of the Vendor’s knowledge: 30 December 2028 (“Material date” means the date on which the conditions of the land grant are complied with in respect of the Phase. The estimated material date is provided by the Authorized Person for the Phase. The estimated material date is subject to any extension of time that is permitted under the agreement for sale and purchase.)｜Prospective purchasers are advised to refer to the sales brochure for any information on the Development / the Phase. Please refer to the sales brochure for details.｜^Provisional street number subject to confirmation upon completion of the Phase.｜#Address of website designated by the Vendor for the Phase for the purposes of Part 2 of the Residential Properties (First-hand Sales) Ordinance.｜This advertisement/promotional material is published by the Vendor.｜This advertisement/promotional material and its contents are for reference only, and shall not constitute or be construed as constituting any offer, undertaking, representation or warranty, whether express or implied, by the Vendor.｜Date of Last Update: 21 September 2026